42
mkdir search_0
touch search_0/target.txt
mkdir search_1
touch search_1/target.txt
mkdir search_2
touch search_2/target.txt
mkdir search_3
touch search_3/target.txt
mkdir search_4
touch search_4/target.txt
mkdir search_5
touch search_5/target.txt
mkdir search_6
touch search_6/target.txt
mkdir search_7
touch search_7/target.txt
mkdir search_8
touch search_8/target.txt
mkdir search_9
touch search_9/target.txt
mkdir search_10
touch search_10/target.txt
mkdir search_11
touch search_11/target.txt
mkdir search_12
touch search_12/target.txt
mkdir search_13
touch search_13/target.txt
mkdir search_14
touch search_14/target.txt
mkdir search_15
touch search_15/target.txt
mkdir search_16
touch search_16/target.txt
mkdir search_17
touch search_17/target.txt
mkdir search_18
touch search_18/target.txt
mkdir search_19
touch search_19/target.txt
find target.txt
count files
